Did Gu Beichen's Xiao Diao bully you?
Dad, don't worry.
I'm back this time
Do you want to discuss something with you?
Say today
Although Gu Beichen was fired
But he never dies
He wants to borrow the power of that woman
refine
Do tobacco business
What tobacco business
That was clearly forbidden by the city lord
Anyone who does something serious has to raid their house
In the last life, because he trusted Gu Beichen too much
Even if parents object
We're still insisting that they invest.
And finally.
Gu Beichen dumped all the charges on the Lin family
Led to the Lin family being raided by the police
Parents, I'm sorry for you.
Jin Yun, get up
How can parents blame you?
Yes, Jingyun wants to say fault.
That was also his Gu Beichen's fault
Now I still want to sell tobacco
Just courting death
Dad
Mother, I want you to invest in his tobacco business
What nonsense are you talking about today?